So far, we focused on controlling and restricting access to
Cloud management plane and Cloud infrastructure components.
Looking at it from a security perspective,
the goal was to minimize the risk of
a malicious actor being able to access our network and servers,
invoke the AWS API,
and ultimately perform destructive or unauthorized actions in our environments.
Going one step further,
it is crucial that the data we are storing in the Cloud is
encrypted and that the encryption keys are correctly managed.
In the event that they were to be a vulnerability to our network or AWS account settings,
we want to reduce the risk of data being readable by an unauthorized party.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6